documentation: remove out-of-date (#6603)
spring-projects/spring-security: docs/manual/src/docs/asciidoc/_includes/preface/samples.adoc

[[sample-apps]]
== Sample Applications

> There are several sample web applications which are shipped with project's <<community-source,source code>> (they can be found in https://github.com/spring-projects/spring-security/tree/master/samples/xml[samples/xml/] subdirectory of root project).

Reviewer: Would you please update this in the following way:

```suggestion
There are several {gh-samples-url}[sample web applications] that ship with the project's <<community-source,source code>>. You can find the ones described below in the ({gh-samples-url}/xml[samples/xml/] subdirectory of the root project).
```
